{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh15120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 PLDB Description
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
Ego presents an agent-based, user-centered architecture for storing, discovering and sharing information about an expandable set of applications like location, reviews, buying/selling goods etc. Users can fluidly create agents that hold information relevant to the user's intention. For example, in a buying and selling scenario users announce a product they are interested in, then the system lumps together users interested in the same product, allowing sellers to directly discover buyers and make better offers. Agents might make other types of information available like location and reputation to allow other agents to make more informed decisions. We demonstrate an interactive visualization of different urban scenarios involving 1000 agents that discover each other in the context of some personal interest. We explore the tradeoffs of combining three different types of information: product details, reputation and location.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Long Form Description
\b0 \
\
Ego is the underlying architecture for the Special Interest Group research on proximal networking as well as the engine for the Glass Infrastructure. \'a0We generalize the original idea of an agent-based arbiter of personal information flow to form a more broad, distributed, and replicated forum for requests, advertisements and interactions that are related by their place in the real world. \'a0Personal elements that bear on privacy and security are retained, however, the emphasis is now on a different set of activities.\
\
Life on the internet is transitioning from the dominant client-server model of accessing web pages and sending emails, to a model that better resembles real life: people advertise their mood, connect to each other in various capacities, share reviews that can be as elaborate as a Yelp entry or as terse as a "Like" button, etc. The transition from the application-centered web to a user-centered one requires revisiting the way users generate, store and share information. In addition to the familiar model of communications based on destinations, there is an emerging need for communications that depend on characteristics, relationships, offers and requests.\
\
In many cases, this goal cannot be realized with a destination-based architecture; all too often one does not know who the recipient of a request is, or there are simply too many people who one could ask. \'a0Geography and position help but only provide one dimension to approach the problem. \
\
Ego presents an agent-based, user-centered architecture for storing, discovering and sharing information about an expandable set of applications like location, reviews, buying/selling goods etc. The architecture of Ego-based agents resembles a P2P file-sharing network; it allows user applications that operate by crawling Ego's decentralized network to gather contextual information (e.g., location, mood) and share it with agents of friends. This idea is embedded in the Glass Infrastructure.\
\
\
\
}